Did you go to the Baptist Church your first year?
That's when I was living in town. And we went to
First Baptist Church downtown. I see. First
Baptist Church in O'Brien. And then the second
year? When I moved out onto the campus, we went to
the First Baptist Church in College Station. Were
there Sunday night activities for college
students? Not necessarily. They were just pretty
general activities. And about, did many students
go to church? I don't recall a whole bunch did.
Actually, the pastor at the First Baptist Church
was our guy who married us. Ah. So you married a
Baptist? Yes. Well, really, she was a Methodist
when we got married, and she joined the Baptist
Church. Well, you converted her. Yeah. I guess God
did that.
Let's see. There weren't any girls
on the campus.
When the war was over and the students came back, do
you remember that it was any... Did, were the
courses harder or easier? Did you have to study any
more? Well, actually, I think probably before I
probably would take, say, 16, 18 hours. But in my
senior year, it seemed like I had 21 hours. You
know, so it seemed to have been easier to come by
than it was before. Do you remember who you turned
to after the war for any advice? If you needed
academic advice or counseling? Well, not
officially, I'd say. But unofficially, who'd you
go to see? Well, this man in economics that I
couldn't remember his name, he and I were more like
friends than student and teacher. And where was
economics in those days? Was it in Nagel Hall? I
don't recall that an academic
building is where everything was taken care of.
Most of that type of course was handled in an
academic building. Let's see. Some of the A&M
traditions. Do you remember when you first went to
a Silver Taps event? Well, I can remember going to
one, but I don't remember when. Was it before the
war or after? It seemed like it was after the war.
And we went out and stood in front of an academic
building in the middle of the night. And it was a
rather solemn time. What were your feelings as you
walked back to your room? I can't remember.
Did you by chance go to that famous 1946 muster when
Eisenhower spoke?
April 21, 1946,
General Eisenhower came here to speak, and they
had some of the survivors of the Corregidor
muster. No, I didn't attend that. I'm sure I would
have remembered. But I think they did it over at the
MSC, did they not? I think so. Out there in front? I
think so. In the drill field? I think so.
But see, since you weren't in the Corps, you didn't
go through final review. When did you get your
senior ring? I think before I went into service, I
think I was already a classified junior. I can't
remember exactly. But anyway, you don't make
rings like this anymore. You know, this is a
14-karat thing. And all my... insignia is
practically worn off. And I thought about sending
it back in, but it wouldn't have the same
connotation anymore. And what class are you?
Class of 44. 44, okay. I got out in 47. Yes, sir, I
understand. But I still have my class of 44. I think
that's, you start off from your freshman year, you
count that one. How much did that ring cost? Seemed
like $37. Do you have any good ring stories? Well,
when I first came down here, I had a friend from up in
Collin County, and he and I were close. And he was
already a junior, and he used to let me wear his
ring. It was unofficial, you know, because you're
not supposed to let anybody wear the ring. It
doesn't earn it. Did... Did you ever lose your
ring? Yes. I didn't lose it for long, but I lost it.
We'd been on a trip to see my family up in North
Texas, and that's when the roads up there were
two-lane roads and went through the country, you
know. And so I was wearing my ring. We was coming
home in the morning from my sister's house down one
of these country roads, and my ring got pretty
onerous. You sweat out of there, and it burned and
everything, so... I was trying to get it off while I
was driving, so I was pushing on it like this. And
this car, the cars out there had this little vents,
you know, on the side. And I pushed that thing off
and it bounced around on the dashboard and flew out
the window. And we were doing probably 50, 60 miles
an hour. So, boy, I stopped and I didn't know how far
down the road I had driven. But we drove back and the
boys were, you know, within five and six or
something like that. So I said, I got to find that
ring. So there's not much traffic on that road. So
all of us were walking up and down and over on the
side was a plowed field, you know, and on the other
side was a plowed field. And so we walked along
there for about 30 minutes and nobody found the
ring. So I said to my wife, well, we just, not like,
We're not ever going to find it. Maybe somebody
sent it to me and looked my name in there. So I guess
I'm going to walk right down here, and if I don't
find that ring along somewhere down that way,
we're going to have to go. So I walked down as far as I
thought I should go. I turned around to go back, and
I stepped on my ring. Oh, good, good. Not in the
middle of the road, man. Have you ever been
somewhere unusual and somebody recognized it? I
do that all the time. My wife's in a nursing home,
incidentally. And they have little people come
in, you know, not employees or anything, but maybe
from the church or someplace. And so I was walking
through the lobby one day, and there's two little
girls there. One of them said, oh, there's a naggy!
very good for real for any all of a sudden you know
and that happens lots of times are you a graduate
A&M no sir i went to austin college undergraduate
and rice my phd is that a rice ring yes no that's an
austin college ring oh it is And I'm sorry that at
many schools today, rings are now old-fashioned.
At many colleges, the kids don't buy rings
anymore. They think that's out of date. Yeah, and I
think it's splendid.
What are the things that build Aggie pride? What
makes Aggies so proud of this institution? Well,
we get the cream of the crop students, for one
thing. And then there's just the loyalties, a bond
between guys on the campus. What builds that bond?
What creates it? Love, I think. The guys have
learned to love each other. And I had a friend, a boy
I loved with all my might and main. He was 10 years my
junior. But He and I got along pretty good. And his
family lived out here in a little town called
Snook. And it was too far for me to go home every
weekend, so he'd take me home with him. And I got to
know his family. His family's similar to mine. My
family's seven girls and four boys. And they had
six girls and five boys. And I just fit it in out
there. He died about six months ago. He had
emphysema. He quit smoking, they said. He lived
down close to Houston. I didn't see him anymore.
His sister-in-law told me that he got emphysema,
but she said it was too late. If you get emphysema,
don't go away. He was on oxygen and everything, and
his first wife, And I and he were like brother and
sister. They were younger than I, but we just had a
rapport. But she died with cancer too, so. then he
got married again. It's just a girl that's 21 years
younger than him. And they wouldn't, his
sister-in-law, who might have been a little
prejudiced, said she wouldn't let him see any of
his family or nothing. She wanted him just for
herself. When you were in the Air Force, what had
you learned here as an Aggie that, proved to be
important while you were on active duty? Well,
being discreet, maybe. You know, you learn things
at A&M, you know, about loyalty and that sort of
thing that you carry over to military. And I was
real happy with my military years. Did you, was it
good to be an Aggie? Did sometimes that help you? We
had Aggie meetings in in London, you know, on those
days when they had these things, you know, the
aprils. Y'all had a muster? Yeah. Really? There
wasn't very many of us. There was five or six of us
there, but they had a muster in London. Very good. I
got permission from my captain, you know, the
commander, to attend it. Did you attend muster
when you came back from the war? Yes, I did.
Occasionally. I didn't make all of them, you know,
but I tried to be among those present. It's hard to
get a place to stand when you try to go to muster
here. And then sometimes you forget or something.
I don't make them regularly. One of the questions I
thought of, I forgot to ask you a while ago about the
Aggieland Orchestra. Did you all have an opening
and a closing theme song? The Aggieland
Orchestra? Oh, I don't believe so. I don't
remember. We might have had a Good Night song. What
was it? Do you know? Well, let's see. Good night, my
love. The tired old moon is descending. I believe
that was the one we used all the time. There was
another one that was similar to it, but I don't
recall that we ever used that one. What did you all
open with? Just maybe something jazzy. Get
everybody in the mood. And how often did you
introduce a new song? Well, not too often. We had a
really big library. And we had most of those songs
that were popular in that era. And so we just pretty
much stayed with that thing. And you said you all
practiced about once a week. Where did you
practice? In Spica. That's where the piano was.
Oh.
Something. Was that Mother's? We're getting near
the end. As you were getting ready to graduate, how
well prepared did you think A&M had made you for the
real world? Well, I thought I always wanted a
college degree. And when I was graduating from
high school, I went over to Denton. I thought maybe
I could get a job over there as a musician. But that
school was not big enough to have very many bands or
anything there, and the one that they had was
already filled. So I didn't meet with any success,
but that didn't light my desire for a higher
education, and particularly one at A&M. I had met
A&M's junior, not junior, freshman baseball
team. They came to McKinney and played the line.
And I got acquainted with all of them, as a matter of
fact, but a particular one of them, a freshman. And
he encouraged me to go to A&M. He strengthened my
desire to go to A&M. And I had always wanted to. And
when I had a chance to come to A&M, I cast aside a lot
of things that would keep me from going to A&M. And I
came down here, like I told Murray, when he said, I
don't know whether you ought to come down here or
not. I said, well, I'm here and I'm going to stay.
What are the key ingredients of an Aggie? Well,
most of them are mentally and spiritually mature,
you know. And I haven't met I'm not going to say how
many Aggies that I didn't approve of, you know.
Most of them, even now, I'll meet somebody I've
never seen before. He said, Aggie, and he means
you've got a rapport with them, you know. I don't
know what it is. As long as there was no girls here
and just a corps, you know, you got allied with your
roommate and all the group, and you were in an
organization You had to be in an organization. I
don't know. There's just something about
nagging. You meet a guy that's a nagging, and
immediately you line up with him, you know. And I'm
just happy that I had that chance to come to A&M.
When you were a student, did you ever help gather up
the stuff for Bonfire? No, I didn't. I was
particularly done by the Corps members. And it was
a really unfortunate thing that they had there in
November. Oh, yes, yes. Now, I understand before
the war that usually it was just trash. Yes,
mostly, you know, it was picked up somewhere. I
think they might have had a source of buying, or not
buying, but clearing land, you know, and using the
logs. But it was not anything like it developed
into, not 55 feet high. Let's see. What feelings do
you hold in your heart for Texas A&M today? All of
these. And I never get over that love for A&M, you
know. And as a matter of fact, after I finally got
out of that graduation thing, I started to work out
of A&M. I knew the guy that kept doors at the
football games, and I knew that the other ones were
basketball games. And for years I worked with
those things, maybe six or seven years. I went out
as a gatekeeper, baseball even one time, but they
didn't pay enough to keep me involved in it. But I
was a gatekeeper at all three of those games, type
games, football, basketball, and baseball. Do
you remember your graduation? Well, as a matter of
fact, we didn't have any ceremonies. They paged,
some of the authorities paged the 286 of us there,
however many of them were seniors, to see whether
or not we wanted a graduation ceremony. Well, in
the first place, it was a small corps of people,
men. In the second place, most of us were on up in
years, and probably our families lived miles and
miles away It would be an inconvenience to bring
them down for a graduation ceremony. So they paged
us to see how many of us wanted a graduation
ceremony. And marginally, none of us didn't want
to go through it. So we didn't have a graduation
ceremony.
What was that? 47.
If you were trying to summarize your gratitude to
Texas A&M today, how would you express that? Well,
it'd be kind of hard to do, you know. I support the
student thing, you know, the ex-student thing.
Maybe that's one way that I do it. Sometimes I don't
stand in a hundred bucks or whatever, you know, it
is, but I think it's a very good organization. And
it's just an awful lot about A&M that you, it's
under the skin, but you don't know how to put
fingers on it. Of course, I live off the campus
right here. And I, in my condition, I rarely ever
get out on the campus. I have worked, like I said,
with the organizations the athletic association
thing i've known a lot of this the athletes and and
the wally groff and you know that his staff i don't
know and once in a while they'll prior to the
football season they'll have the coaches out
there you know everybody goes and meets the
students and the new athletes and all that sort of
thing. And I like that kind of deal. It kind of ties
you to the... I no longer work the gates anymore,
but Cargill does. And he's got a thousand friends
out there. And this one family comes, they've been
there all the years when I worked there. The man and
his wife, they had two daughters and a son. And they
still come in at that gate. And they always ask
about me. And you learn to know a lot of people, you
know, on that thing. They'll be there this year and
next year until they die. And it's nice to know that
you've made that kind of friends. And they're
Aggies. And there's just a loyalty there and a
relationship that's, you know, you don't expect
that kind of thing from people outside. And even
your church, you know. It's just there. Who can
explain it? Let's quit with that. That's a
splendid ending.